okay well this is the next phase now
move I've laid them all out the back
rough and no other one I'm doing it with
Kitty glue I'm just gluing them on to
the fingerboard checking each leaf and
then filing each one very fine now just
make sure which one fits like I'm just
got one man it's I think it's it fits
okay but it's slightly bigger than the
one on that side so now I'm just gonna
have to make it to matter a little bit
this is great fun this is where a file
either me fingers only a little wooden
clump and I've made then just pump it in
and just get a little fire look at
basically I'm just looking at the the
one that's going to match I already know
the shape now these leaves and the
pirate want it so that just looks like a
proper leaf this is abalone shell and
what I'm filing now I've already cut it
out with it for the jewel of straw it's
quite a tricky little job pray end up
having to do it with the fingers really
car till you doing on these clumps it's
pretty close though it's pretty close
just got take that edge off there this
is there any fingers take a pounding yet
again I'm getting really to the tricky
part of this now because one them I've
done all the easy part this end is easy
but this is going to very small easy and
silver tongue little bits on the already
cut earth but each one of them has got
to be finally filed so it's just looks
nice and see how file that little circle
in there and that's the leaf it isn't
exactly the same as that but I don't
really want it to be exactly the same i
can just cut them out together otherwise
i just want it to be approximate shape
because leaves are all different i want
you to be really organic this finished
really just look like truth
450 a caricature I think that's pretty
close i really like that one so there
you go you didn't say that that was just
a bit of a lump before now its proper
little leaf just get the kiddy glow out
and just blow it on let's just glue it
on roughly so that can mark the map make
sure everything's right before I start
cutting all the water out just turn that
publicity just got to go down slightly
so what's the process of cutting the
wood the wood use a very fine router a
dremel and these little things these
look 21 this is really good these little
tiny battery operated ones just a very
fine but it for a very fine dental
Berlin them and just them have to cook
very very carefully very carefully if
you don't you destroy the rule in the
wood because this is really expensive
ebony as well it's a very intricate job
but it will be worth it when it's done
it does look very very nice I think I've
captured the essence so far well it's
just called a drift and blue that I'm
very strong this is there's only kid
igloo it's just it's just got to hold it
there temporary well I'll just check
everything out and then mark them all
out take them all back off again and
then start cutting out the wood a fair
way to go yeah it's a big big jobless
and I have been putting it off rather a
lot so it's time to get going with it
now well we're still on the twelfth fret
because I just realized that I didn't
quite finish the job so i've got about
these little drops out now I don't know
what they've got to do with trees but
they look quite nice so they it's more
embellishment I've cut them out rough
like a same as before and that obviously
far too big for the job if you see me
original drawing which is so they're
quite fine so I'm now got to make these
these little things quite fine so this
is where my fingers get more hammering
look at myth on don't feel sorry it's
early
so I have to file them this is Clark
after I think I might give me film
arrest and use my clump it's quite a
it's quite a tricky jobless and
whichever huge my clump even better
there they go not usually very often now
the clamp bolt is this is getting down
quite a way now I think we'll look at
the drawer you know obviously put it
right there better sword what's the
matter of me very drunk from the NASA
for cable Gulf to shape nice and then
see if we can go down the front that's
looking a bit more delicate so the
bottom curved nice you say that that
cares okay but you've got to take that
quite a bit off the top edge now and
that it were there that's just one of
four and this is the one of the simple
if you look at the rest you can see this
is quite a simple job to do very well
I'm doing the symbol job to come this I
don't make a complete fool on the proper
in a very intricate one I was supposed
to be getting somebody to do this for me
i couldn't find another idiot I know
they would go now that's really really
nice and delicate as you can see i think
it might just be a little bit long but
let's just perfect yeah i really like
that so they'll take in that much off
the bottom edge now and we shall be
there with that one
it's probably an easy way of doing that
from the phone milk when I finished it
off the old is a very simple way of
doing all them but in it nice my sense
of achievement when you're finished I
think that might be slightly still too
long just a fraction with the frat might
ruin the end
I think I'm very happy with that one yep
I think we can go for that and blew that
one on i'm quite happy enough to tell by
the feel and look at that when it's
right
yeah there that's it I think nope drunk
there we go that's exactly how I want
and these rest of these will be done the
same as that one now
you